you
hear the word of the Lord you children
of Israel for the Lord brings a charge
against the inhabitants of the land
there is no truth or mercy or knowledge
of God in the land by swearing and lying
killing and stealing and committing
adultery they break all restraint with
blood shed upon bloodshed
therefore land will mourn and everyone
who dwells there will waste away with
the beasts of the field and the birds of
the air even the fish of the sea will be
taken away now let no man contend or
rebuke another for your people are like
those who contend with the priests
therefore you shall stumble in the day
the prophet also shall stumble with you
in the night and I will destroy your
mother my people are destroyed for lack
of knowledge because you have rejected
knowledge I also will reject you from
being priest for me because you have
forgotten the law of your God I also
will forget to your children the more
they increased the more they sinned
against me I will change their glory
into shame they eat up the sin of my
people they set their heart on their
iniquity and it shall be like people
like priests so I will punish them for
their ways and reward them for their
deeds for they shall eat but not have
enough
they shall commit harlotry but not
increase because they have ceased
obeying the Lord harlotry wine and new
wine enslave the heart my people ask
counsel from their wooden idols and
their staff informs them for the spirit
of harlotry has caused them to stray and
they have played the harlot against
their God they offer sacrifices on the
mountaintops and burn incense on the
hills under Oaks poplars and Terrapins
because their shade is good therefore
your daughter's commit harlotry and your
brides commit adultery
I will not punish your daughters when
they commit harlotry nor your brides
when they commit adultery for the men
themselves go apart with harlots and
offer sacrifices with a ritual harlot
therefore people who do not understand
will be trembled though you Israel play
the harlot let not Judah offend do not
come up to Gilgal nor go up to beth Evan
nor swear an oath saying as the Lord
lives for Israel is stubborn like a
stubborn calf now the Lord will let them
forage like a lamb in the open country
Ephraim is joined to idols let him alone
their drink is rebellion they commit
harlotry continually her rulers dearly
love dishonour the wind has wrapped her
up in its wings and they shall be
ashamed because of their sacrifices
[Music]